convicted felon consuming you have to be
telling before we start telling we go
possum in the smelling know kind of
witnesses behind
cuz being the gates that have your
freedom walking the deadline before you
get yourself in the wreck have that
accent check the truth isn't every dips
up with some respect and has an own
family commas raised that you will
witness town had that recognition jack
hacking like the chances one with a hack
gotta go especially around the streets
of Southie San Diego ain't play no games
cuz of rocket atoll Ames evaluate you
real quick for fuckin so much changed
homegrown in the streets while always
stay connected so that's where one of us
every G will be neglected for every
disrespected chin checked it on site so
we stay within your light and everything
will be over we get enough is enough
all of us we're dumping and this is
enough love to see gangs only sound a
gangbang gay no shame in this game that
you find at this lame to be gangster
practice what you preach you're in the
holds wrong
repping the street cuz we gang it's an
everyday pain to hell with the pain mama
love with the game I'm gonna listen to
this lifestyle of hustling fattening my
pockets ever since I was a juvenile able
me a little only out to make a living a
little something my line if I wasn't
giving I would start well even Smoove
our knocks setting up shop independent
breaking down blush distributing goods
but never the same drops under the radar
low-key motherfuck the cops
non-stop now that's my life on the edge
they true to my connects I'm not the one
to burn the bridge you see my waters
good as gold in this game and faulty
translations only tarnish my name not
the standing in my way
I gotta get paid no signs of slowing
down duck Russia get sprayed enjoy the
place is the business lucrative just
watch where you step is fill gangsters
and nudity gang enough is enough all of
us were dumping and this isn't up love
cookie gangs only found a gangbang angle
shame in this game that you find at this
land to be gangster practice what you
preach learn to hold your own load your
weapon the street cuz we gang stuff it's
an everyday thing to hell with the fame
mom love it again gangbang chicky chick
wig home thrown don't ever disrespect
different give some she will come and
follow me follow me home grown in the
city of his knee we packing Minister
you'll snitches thank you letters must
nuts on the homies in the ghetto key we
can to stay true to your lane disrespect
putting slugs in your brains we're
killing your lanes in the southeast
you better watch your back to the home
and stay strapped ready to attack ready
you will please get your own grown like
a true gangster they love the gangbang
creep up in the hood with a hoodie
gloomy night we love to play with knives
snatch ratchet or fuck you when you're
whoring the planet is a must you keep a
gang we get enough is enough all the
funds were dumping and this is in the
blood cuz he gangs only found a gangbang
gay no shame in this game tell your
pilot this lame to be gangster practice
what you preach learn to hold your own
go to rep in the streets because we
gangsta it's an everyday thing to hell
with the fame mama died with the game